Add policy for parental leave (#273)
niteoweb/handbook: 5_People/benefits.md

## Sick Leave

Everyone has the right to sick leave on days when they don't feel capable of working. A day of sick leave counts as six hours of work done and will be automatically added to your "worked hours". Sick leave can and should be used when taking care of an ill child or spouse.

> There is a total of 20 sick days per year available before unpaid vacation is calculated. For more than five consecutive sick days, a doctor's note is required. Similar to parental leave, if sick for more than 5 days in a month, the salary for those days is capped at 80% of the salary at level 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a total of 20 sick days per year available before unpaid vacation is calculated. For more than five consecutive sick days, a doctor's note is required. If sick for more than 5 days in a month, the salary for those days is capped at 80% of the salary at level 3.
```

Don't refer to something which hasn't been described yet.

## Parental Leave

> All new parents are entitled to a 100 days parental leave which will expire after 18 months. Parental leave day is calculated the same way as a sick leave - counts as six hours of work done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All new parents are entitled to a 100 days parental leave which expires after 18 months. Parental leave day is calculated the same way as a sick leave - as six hours of work done.
```

## Sick Leave

Everyone has the right to sick leave on days when they don't feel capable of working. A day of sick leave counts as six hours of work done and will be automatically added to your "worked hours". Sick leave can and should be used when taking care of an ill child or spouse.

> There is a total of 20 sick days per year available before unpaid vacation is calculated. For more than five consecutive sick days, a doctor's note is required. Similar to parental leave, if sick for more than 5 days in a month, the salary at level 3 is capped 80%.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the salary for those days is capped at 80% of the salary at level 3.
```
